These General Terms and Conditions for Visitors apply for every visit to
KotlinConf 2024 (“KotlinConf”, “event”). The KotlinConf of 2024 takes
place in the Bella Center Copenhagen, Copenhagen, Denmark (“premises”)
between May 22 - 24, 2024. Please read these General Terms and
Conditions for Visitors carefully before visiting and entering the
premises of KotlinConf. By visiting KotlinConf and entering the
premises, you are entering into a legal agreement with JetBrains Expo
B.V., with its registered address at Huidekoperstraat 26, 1017 ZM
Amsterdam, the Netherlands, registered with the Dutch Chamber of
Commerce under the number: 74098896, VAT ID number: NL 85977129
("JetBrains", "we"), and you hereby agree to abide by these Terms.
Nothing in these Terms limits any rights a consumer might have under
applicable consumer protection laws.

If you do not agree to all of the terms and conditions set forth in
these General Terms and Conditions for Visitors, please do not visit
KotlinConf or enter the premises. The General Terms and Conditions for
Visitors are a binding agreement between JetBrains and you.

**Definitions**

In addition to the definitions specified above, the following
definitions are used throughout these General Terms and Conditions for
Visitors:

**Ticket**. Any entrance or activity ticket that provides access to
KotlinConf. Tickets are divided into: <u>Conference Ticket(s)</u>, which
only provide regular admission to the conference and <u>Workshop
Ticket(s)</u>, which provide access to one pre-selected workshop and the
regular admission to the conference.

**Visitor**. Any person who enters the premises at which KotlinConf is
held and participates in the event.

**Group** and **Group Visit**. A group of visitors who visit KotlinConf
as a group.

**Organizer**. An individual, company, or institution who/which
organized or organizes Group Visits.

**Website**. Any website that is the property of JetBrains s.r.o.,
including but not limited to everything hosted under the domains listed
at
[<u>https://www.jetbrains.com/legal/websites/</u>](https://www.jetbrains.com/legal/websites/)

These General Terms and Conditions for Visitors shall apply to any visit
to and all Visitors to KotlinConf.

The applicability of these General Terms and Conditions for Visitors
shall be without prejudice to the potential applicability of other
contractual terms and conditions and/or regulations applied by
JetBrains, such as the Terms of Use, and other terms published on the
Website from time to time.

**Entrance admission**

Visitors are given access to KoltinConf upon the presentation of a valid
Ticket or valid ID at the entrance and upon the condition that they take
into account our [<u>Code of
Conduct</u>](https://kotlinconf.com/code-of-conduct). Furthermore, if a
Student Discount was used during the purchase of the Ticket the Visitor
will need to provide a valid academic ID together with the valid Ticket
or valid ID. You can print your Ticket or present it on a mobile device
at the entrance.

For the avoidance of doubt, please be aware that on May 22, 2024 the
workshops shall be held while the conference shall be held on May 23 -
24, 2024. If you have purchased a Workshop Ticket this gives you access
to attend your pre-selected workshop on May 22, 2024 and provides
regular admission to the conference, if you have purchased the
Conference Ticket this means you can’t attend the workshops but shall
only receive regular admission to the conference.

JetBrains reserves the right to refuse admission to Visitors if it
determines, in its sole discretion, that the Visitor poses a threat to
the health and/or safety of other Visitors or the staff of KotlinConf
and/or the safety of the premises, our partners and the event in
general.

**Your visit to KotlinConf**

You visit KotlinConf at your own risk. As a Visitor, you are obliged to
comply with these General Terms and Conditions for Visitors and follow
directions and instructions given by our staff. If you violate these
General Terms and Conditions for Visitors and/or act in violation of
directions and instructions given by our staff (to you), in any way, we
may, in our sole discretion, decide to refuse subsequent admission to
KotlinConf. In such an event, we will not be obligated to compensate for
any damages or to refund the Ticket.

As Visitor you shall be liable for any damage you inflict to JetBrains
and to any of our property during your visit to KotlinConf.

*Privacy*

Please be informed that Bella Center Copenhagen operates video
surveillance in the premises where KotlinConf 2024 will be held and the
rest of their premises. For more information we refer to their
[<u>Privacy Policy</u>](https://www.bellagroup.dk/en/privacy) and
further information which can be found on their website:
[<u>https://www.bellacenter.dk/en</u>](https://www.bellacenter.dk/en).

For more information about the collection and use of your personal data
by JetBrains when you visit KotlinConf, you can refer to our Privacy
Policy for Visitors, hard copies of which are also available from our
staff.

We regularly grant permission or ask our staff or third parties to make
audiovisual material, such as photographs or videos, during KotlinConf.
Such content is usually made for marketing purposes or to use on our
Website or other social media. Before making and using any such content
in which our Visitors will be recognizable, we always try to ask for
consent in advance. We ask you to make any objections to the recording
or publication of visual material in which you are recognizable known to
us at [<u>privacy@jetbrains.com</u>](mailto:privacy@jetbrains.com) or by
informing one of our staff members. In the event of an objection,
JetBrains shall undertake to prevent the further recording and/or
publication of the material. You may withdraw the consent given or
request us to stop using, or request us to remove, a specific photo(s)
and/or video(s) from our social media and/or Website at any time. If you
want to make use of these rights, please send the relevant request to
[<u>privacy@jetbrains.com</u>](mailto:privacy@jetbrains.com).

Further information on data processing, including your rights, such as
the right of access, is available in our Privacy Policy available at
[<u>https://www.jetbrains.com/legal/docs/privacy/privacy/</u>](https://www.jetbrains.com/legal/docs/privacy/privacy/).

**Rules**

To make sure that everyone’s visit is safe and pleasant, we have rules
that our Visitors must follow. Our rules, and other information can be
found at
[<u>https://kotlinconf.com/code-of-conduct/</u>](https://kotlinconf.com/code-of-conduct/).
The code of conduct of the premises at which KotlinConf shall be held
<span class="mark">can be found</span> <span class="mark">at
LINK</span>. We ask our Visitors to always follow the instructions given
by our staff.

During your visit to KotlinConf, you, as a Visitor, shall not:

- possess, use or trade in drugs;

- possess weapons or any objects that can be used as weapons;

- commit theft or vandalism;

- use violence or threaten violence;

- make discriminatory remarks;

- engage in any form of sexual intimidation;

- bring anyone into disrepute;

- consume your own food or drinks;

- take service items (plates, glasses etc.) outside the building;

- drink excessively;

- cause excessive noise in the immediate vicinity;

- use the internet network of the premises for illegal purposes;

- use the internet network of the premises to download or visit illegal
  or offensive content;

- enter or cross areas that are not meant for Visitors or that have been
  barricaded;

- interact with exhibits or use those in the manner contradicting the
  guidance provided by staff members;

- smoke;

- bring any animals (including pets) along, with the exception of
  service animals.

**Liability of JetBrains**

JetBrains shall only be liable for direct damage sustained by a Visitor
which is the direct consequence of intent (*opzet*) or gross negligence
(*grove nalatigheid*) on the part of JetBrains. JetBrains shall not be
liable for indirect damage, such as consequential damage, lost profits,
etc.

The liability of JetBrains shall be limited to the lower of the
following two sums:

1)  the sum paid out to JetBrains by its insurance company with respect
    to that individual claim; or

2)  the reimbursement made to JetBrains by a third party for the damage
    with respect to that individual claim.

**Terms for Group Visits**

This section shall apply in cases in which an Organizer wants to
organize or has organized a Group Visit. In such cases all agreements
are concluded between the Organizer and JetBrains.

It is the responsibility of the Organizer to ensure that the members of
the Group comply with the [<u>Code of
Conduct</u>](https://kotlinconf.com/code-of-conduct) and these General
Terms and Conditions for Visitors.
